# 英语学习20170620

> 慢速 大声 夸张

小处： 卷舌,d/t ,s/z,w/v不可懈怠

## 课文原文(dictated on 20170620)

Lesson Seventeen  Part two  A man-made disease

What factor _helped spread_ the disease of _myxomatosis_ ?

It effectively spread the disease _all over_ the continent and _drastically_ reduced the rabbit population.
It later became apparent that rabbits were developing a degree of resistance to this disease, so that the rabbit population was unlikely to be completely _exterminated_.
There _were_ hopes, however, that the problem of the rabbit would become managable.
_Ironically_, Europe， which had _bequeathed_ the rabbit as a _pest_ to Australia, _acquired_ this man-made disease as a _pestlence_.
A french _physician_ decided to get rid of the wild rabbits on his own estate, and intruduced myxomatosis.
It did not, however, remain within the confines _of_ his estate \ .
It spread through France where wild rabbits are not generally regarded as _a_ pest, but as _a_ sport, and _a useful_ food supply, and it spread to Britain where wild rabbits are regarded as a pest, but where _domesticated_ rabbits equally susceptable to the disease, are the basis _of_ _profitable_ fur industry.
The question became one of whether Man could control the disease he had invented.

Richard Cord, Science makes sense.


## 生词记录
| 单词/词组 | 释义   |
| :---- | :--- |
| drastically | 大幅度地 |
| exterminate | 扑灭 |
| Ironically | 讽刺地是 |
| bequeath | 遗赠 |
| pestlence | 瘟疫 |
| estate | 庄园 |
| demesticated | 驯服的，驯化的 ，家养的 |
| profitable | 赚钱，有收益的 |    


## 练习记录
* drastically
* exterminated
* bequeath
* physician
* domesticated
* susceptable
* profitable

## 点评记录
* To 晨曦
 * drastically
 * exterminated
 * myxomatosis


## 自我总结
* 长句还是生疏，升降调把握不好。

## 时长累计
9.39
