# 英语学习20161124

> 慢速 大声 夸张

小处： 卷舌,d/t ,s/z,w/v不可懈怠

## 课文原文

Lesson Sixty-three She was not amused

Why did Jenny/ want to leave the wedding\  _reception_?

Jeremy Hampden\ has a large/ circle of friends and is very popular _at_ parties.
Everybody\ admires him for his great/ _sense_ of humor.
Everybody,that is/,except/ his six year-old daughter,Jenny.

Recently,one of Jeremy's closest friends\  asked him to make a speech/  at a wedding _reception_.
This is the sort of thing/ that Jeremy loves.
He prepared the speech carefully/ and went to the wedding  with Jenny.
He had included a large/ number of funny stories\ in the speech/, and  of course/  it was a great success.

As soon as he had finished\, Jenny told him/ she wanted to go home.
Jeremy was a little disappointed by this\,but he did\ as his daunghter asked.
On the way home,he asked Jenny/ if she had enjoyed the speech/.
To his surprise/, she said she hadn't.
Jeremy asked her/ why this was so,and she told him/ that she did not like to see/ so many people laughing at him.

## 生词记录
* reception 招待会，欢迎会； wedding reception 婚礼现场
* be popular at 受欢迎
* admire sb for sth  因为某事夸赞某人

## 练习记录

### 听写
* reception 
* sense

### 朗读
* was
* wedding

## 点评记录
* From 懒小姐
 * admire 过度不明显
 * daughter ,funny 不准确
 * on the way ％w
 * surprise %p
 * laughing 的a发梅花音

* From 沙漠
 * circle 多了一个音
 * daughter
 
* To 蔡蔡
 * daughter听着像doctor
 * closest -->clodest

* To lulu
 * popular
 * soon 
 * asked -->asket

* To 沙漠
 * daughter%ter -->der
 * large%ge
 * she wanted -->he
 * included -->include

## 自我总结
* 消除不能放松

## 时长累计
7.26

---
