# 英语学习20161123

> 慢速 大声 夸张

小处： 卷舌,d/t ,s/z,w/v不可懈怠

## 课文原文

Lesson Sixty-Two After the fire

What was the danger to the villages after the fire?

Firemen had been fighting the forest fire for nearly three weeks before they could get it under control.
A short time before, great trees had _covered_ the countryside for miles _around_.
Now _smoke_ still rose up from the warm ground over the _desolate hills_.

Winter was coming on,and the hills threaten the surrounding villages with _destruction_, for heavy rain would not only wash away the soil, but would cause serious floods as well.

When the fire had at last been put out, the forest authorities ordered _several_ tons of special type of grass seed which would grow quickly. 
The seed was sprayed over the ground in huge quantities by aeroplanes.
The planes had been planting seed for nearly a month when it began to rain.
By then,however,in many places the grass had already taken root.
In place of the great trees which had been growing there for centuries,patches of green had begun to appear in the _blackened_ soil.
 

## 生词记录
* desolate   荒凉的
* destruction 破坏
* several 一些
* spray
* blackened 变黑的

## 练习记录

### 听写
* covered,hills竟然听不出
* desolate听出写不出
* destruction听出写不出
* several -->serveral
* blackened -->blankened
* seed -->seeds
* quantities --> quantity

### 朗读
* type of 连读
* grass seed 弱读
* grass 英美有异
* spray 

## 点评记录

* To David
 * villages%ge -->ger
 * warm ground --> warm a ground
 * aeroplane %aero%a[e]-->[ei]
 
* To 艾留申
 * rain -->rin
 * aero%o [o]-->[∂]
  
* To AQ
 * tons -->towns
 * grow quickly -->ground  quickly
 * root -->roots

## 自我总结
* 长句子，生词多

## 时长累计
7.24

---
