# 英语学习20161204

> 慢速 大声 夸张

小处： 卷舌,d/t ,s/z,w/v不可懈怠

## 课文原文

Lesson Seventy-three The record-holder

Did the boy go where he wanted to?

Children who play _truant_ from school are _unimaginative_.
A quiet day's fishing  or eight hours in the cinema seeing the same film over and over again／ is usually\  as far as they _get_
They have all been put to shame\ by a boy/ who /  while playing _truant_, travelled one thousand/ six hundred miles.
He _hitchhiked_\ to Dover and, towards evening, went into a boat/  to find somewhere to sleep.   
When he woke up/  next morning,he discovered that the boat had/  in the meantime, travelled  to _Calais_.
No one _noticed_ the boy/  as he _crept_ off.
From there, he _hitchhiked_ to _Paris_ in a lorry.
The driver gave him a few biscuits and a cup of coffee,and left him just outside the city.
The next car the boy stopped did not take him into the centre of Paris,as he hoped it would, but to the _Perpignan_ on the Franch-Spanish border.
There he was picked up by a policeman and sent back to England by the local authorities.
He has surely set up a record for the thousands of  children who dream   of _evading_ school. 

## 生词记录
* truant 逃学
* unimaginative
* hitchhike 搭便车
* Dover
* Calais
* Perpignan
* evade 逃离

* >Dover-Calais是英吉利海峡最窄处
## 练习记录

### 听写
* truant
* unimaginative
* get
* hitchhiked
* notices
* evading

### 朗读
* Perpignan

## 点评记录

* To Alice
 * truant -->trunt
 * meantime
 * back ---> bank
 * chidren -->boys who

* To 蔡蔡
 * they get he get
 * discovered
 * Perpignan 

* To Janet
 * quiet %e -->l 
 * seeing -->  seed
 * Perpignan --> Perpilan,next -->lext
 * evading --evaden

* From 懒小姐
 * wuv:hour over
 * six hundred
 * Paris
 


## 自我总结
* w/u/v

## 时长累计
7.48

---
