# 英语学习20161211

> 慢速 大声 夸张

小处： 卷舌,d/t ,s/z,w/v不可懈怠

## 课文原文

Lesson Eighty    The Crystal Palace

How many people/  visited the great exhibition of 1851?

Perhaps the most extraordinary/ building/ of 19th century/  was\  the Crystal/  Palace\,
which was built  in Hyde Park, for the great exhibition   of 1851.
The Crystal Palace was different from  all~~  other buildings\  in the world,for it was made of iron and glass.
It was one of the biggest buidings of all~~  time\, and a lot of people/  from many countries/  came to  see it.
A great many goods\   were sent to the exhibition from _various_ parts of world.
There was also a great deal of _machinery_ on display.
The most wonderful piece of machinery on show was Nasmyth's steam hammer.
Though in those days travelling was not as easy as it is today,steam boats carried thousands of visitors cross the Channel from Europe.
On arriving in England,they were taken to the Crystal Palace by train.
There were six million visitors in all.
And the profits from the exhibition were used to build museums and colleges.
Later  the Crystal Palace was moved to South London,it remained one of the famous buidings in the world until it was burnt down in 1936.
* To By 
 * world -->word
 * came %a
 * various%a  

* To Louie
 * exhibition
 * machinery
 * nineteen%nine -->none
* To  Zerrian
 *iron --->i n
 *million -->miling
## 生词记录
* Hyde Park 海德公园

## 练习记录

### 听写
* exhibition,extraodinary,profits 不能立即反应
* piece of
* machinery 蒙的

### 朗读
* exhibition%ex
* extraordinary%ex
* iron%n 
* machinery%nery

## 点评记录
* machinery

## 自我总结

## 时长累计
7.65

---
