# 英语学习20161208

> 慢速 大声 夸张

小处： 卷舌,d/t ,s/z,w/v不可懈怠

## 课文原文

Lesson Seventy-seven  A successful operation

Did the doctors find out how the woman died?

The mummy of an Egyptian woman who /died in 800BC has just had  an operation.
The mummy is _that of Shepenmut_ ,who was once a singer in the _Temple of Thebes_.
As there was strange marks on the X Ray plates taken of the mummy,doctors have been trying  to find out whether the woman died of a rare disease.
The only  way to  do this was to operate,
The operation which lasted for over four hours, proved to be very difficult,because of the hard _resin_  which covered the skin.
The doctors removed a section of the mummy,and sent it to a laboratory.
They also found somthing which the X Ray plates did not show.
A small _wax_ _figure_ of the _god_, Doamutef.
This god which had a head of cow was normally placed inside the mummy.
The docors have not yet decided how the woman died.
They feared that the mummy would fall to pieces when they cut it open,but fortunately this has not happened. 
The mummy successfully survived the operation.

## 生词记录
* Shepenmut
* Temple of Thebes
* plate 盘子
* resin 树脂
* Doamutef
 
## 练习记录

### 听写
* that of Shepenmut
* Temple of Thebes
* wax 
* figure
* normal

### 朗读

## 点评记录
* From 沙漠
 * who --> which
 * feard


* To  蔡蔡
 * Shepenmut
 * laboratory
 * figure
 * Doamutef

* To 沙漠
 * strange
 * show
 * section

* To 
 * strange --s
 * operate%o
 * found %oun
 * head -->hand 
 * piece

## 自我总结
* 几个跟of连读都没有听出来
* 一些“不常见”的词总是不能迅速反应出来
* 读快了会顺着感觉走 

## 时长累计
7.58

---
