# 英语学习20161227

> 慢速 大声 夸张

小处： 卷舌,d/t ,s/z,w/v不可懈怠

## 课文原文

Lesson Ninety-six The dead return

What happens to the lanterns at the end/ of the festival?

A Festival for the Dead\ is held once a year in Japan. 
This festival is a cheerful occasion, for on this day ,the dead\ are said to return to their homes and they are welcomed by the living. 
As they are expected to be hungry after their long journey,food is laid out for them. 
Specially-made lanterns are hung outside each house to help the dead to find their way. 
All night long, people dance and sing. 
In the early morning, the food\ that had been laid out for the dead, is thrown into a river ,or into the sea, as it is considered unlucky/ for anyone living/ to eat it. 
In towns that are near the sea, the tiny lanterns which had been hung in the streets the night before, are placed into the water when the festival is over. 
Thousands of lanterns slowly drift out to sea, guiding the dead on their return journey to the other world. 
This is a moving spectacle, for crowds of people stand on the shore watching the lanterns drifting away/ until they can be seen not more.

## 生词记录
* cheerful occasion 欢乐时刻
* the living 生者，活者的人
* be laid out 被摆出
* all night long 一整夜（adv）
* guide 指导，指引，导航
* spectacle 景观，景象
* no more 不再（adv）

## 练习记录

### 听写
* cheerful occasion 连读断词错误，cheer for la cation
* the living%living, the night long%long 用法不熟
* thousands of, crowds of 的of
* guiding, spectacle 生词

### 朗读
* dead \
* festival %val –> vor

## 点评记录
* To penny
 * living%i 
 * tiny%i

* To AMelody
 * festival%fe
 * lantern%tern

* To Louie
 * lanterns %tern 
 * find -->  found
 * guiding %ding连读 
 * spectacle %ta


## 自我总结
* journey%jour还需打磨

## 时长累计
7.76

---
