# 英语学习20161118

> 慢速 大声 夸张

小处： 卷舌,d/t ,s/z,w/v不可懈怠

## 课文原文

Lesson Fifty-seven  Can I help you, Madam?

Did the woman get what she wanted?

A woman in jeans stood at a window of an expensive shop.
Though she hesitated for a moment, she finally went in and asked to see a dress that  was in the window.
The assistant who served her did not like the way she was dressed.
Glancing at her scornfully, he told her that the dress was sold.
The woman walked out the shop angrily, and decided to punish the assistant next day.
She returned to the shop the following morning, dressed in a fur coat, with a handbag in one hand and a long  umbrella in the other.
After seeking out the rude assistant, she asked for the same dress.
Not Realizing who she was, the assistant was eager to serve her this time.
With great difficulty, he climbed into the shop window to get the dress.
As soon as she saw it, the woman said she did not like it.
She enjoyed herself making the assistant bring almost everything in the window before finally buying the dress she had first asked for.

## 生词记录
* seek out 找出
* scornfully 轻蔑地
* be eager to 急于
* with great difficulty 很艰难地
* enjoy oneself doing sth  很享受做某事

## 练习记录

### 听写
* hesitate
* punish
* fur coat

### 朗读
* was
* asked

## 点评记录

* To 老万
 * scornfully 的n不明显
 * umbrella 的la[l∂] 
 * same --> shame

* To Boninie
 * window -->yundow
 * scornfully 的n不明显
 * angrily-->English
 * rude-->lude
 * time -->town 

* To 大树
  * scornfully-->sorfully
  * rude assistant的a听着像the
  * enjoyed -->enjoyinged 

## 自我总结
* was asked 要搞死个人啊

## 时长累计

7.13

---
