# 英语学习20161222 
> 慢速 大声 夸张

小处： 卷舌,d/t ,s/z,w/v不可懈怠

## 课文原文

Lesson Ninety-one Three men in a basket

Where was the station's   Commanding officer?

A pilot noticed a ballon which _seemed_ to be making for a Royal Air Force Station nearby.
He informed the station at once,but no one there was able to explain the mystery.
The officer in the control tower was very angry  when he heard the news ,becuase ballons can be a great danger to aircraft.
He said that someone might be spying on the station,and the pilot was ordered to keep track   of this strange object.
The pilot managed to circle the ballon/  for some time.
He could make out three men in the basket under it  ,and one of them was holding a pair of _binoculars_.
When the ballon was over the station,the pilot saw one of men taking photograhes.
Soon afterwards,the ballon began to descent and it landed  near an airfield.
The police were called in/ ,but they could not arrest anyone/.
For the basket contained two Members of _Parliament_ and the Commanding officer of the station.
As the Commanding Officer explained later, one half of the station did not know/  what the other half was doing.

## 生词记录
* binoculars 双眼望远镜
* make for 前往
* make out 识别出
* Keep track of 跟踪

## 练习记录

### 听写
* seemed -->seen
* binaculars
* Parliament

### 朗读
* ballon 
* binauls 

## 点评记录

* To Zerrian
 * ninety
 * mystery %try

* To 蔡蔡
 * Command %mand -->mond
 * explained 


* To peny
 * track %tra -->cha
 * near an airfield

## 自我总结
* ballon 完全不会读
* make 的短语用的真多
* 听写好吃力


## 时长累计
7.47

---
