 英语学习20161126

> 慢速 大声 夸张

小处： 卷舌,d/t ,s/z,w/v不可懈怠

## 课文原文

Lesson Sixty-five Jumbo versus the police

Why did the police have to push Jumbo off\ the main street?

Last Christmas, the _circus owner_ Jimmy Gates  decided to take some presents  to a children's hospital.
Dressed up as Father Christmas,and accompanied by a _guard of honour_  of six pretty girls,he set off down the main street of the city/  riding a baby elephant called Jumbo.
He shoud have _known\_ that the police would never allow/  this sort of thing.

A policeman approached Jimmy and told him he _ought  to_ have gone/   along/ _a side _ street,as  Jumbo was holding up the traffic.
Though/ Jimmy agreed  to go at once,Jumbo refused to move.
Fifteen policemen had to push very hard\ to get him   off the main street\.

The police had a difficult time,but they were most amused.
"Jumbo must weigh/ a few tons/."said a policeman afterwards.
"So it was fortunate\ that we didn't have to carry/ him\."
"Of course\,  we should arrest him\, but as he has a good record, we shall let him off/  this time/."

## 生词记录
* Jumbo 巨大的
* versus 对战
* circus 马戏团
* guard of honour 仪仗队
* set off 出发
* hold up the traffic 阻塞交通

## 练习记录

### 听写
* circus owner连读听成一个词
* gurad of honour 压根没往那个方向想
* known, ought to, a side of 没有反应出来
* a side street ---> a side of street

### 朗读
* was
* move 
* afterwards

## 点评记录
* From 懒小姐
 * presents 复数没加
 * main 不够购满
 * weigh，we 咬唇，
 * weigh--> weight

* From xg
 * versus ,卷舌不够

 
* To xg
 * elephant(s)
 * called -->cold
 * main -->man
 

* To Lulu
 * versus  --> visis
 * Jimmy  --->Germy
 * accompanied -->n-->l
 * allow -->alone
 * let him off % him --> he

* To 懒小姐
 * Versus
 * called an Jumbo
 * traffic

## 自我总结
* w/v  和卷舌
* 再细心些

## 时长累计
7.30
---
