# 英语学习20161112 
>慢速 大声 夸张 

小处： 卷舌,d/t ,s/z,w/v不可懈怠 

## 课文原文 
Lesson Fifty-One Reward for virtue
 
Why did Hugh's diet not work? 

My friend, Hugh, has always been fat, but *things* got so bad recently that he decided to go  on a diet. 
He began his diet a week ago/. 
First of all, he *wrote out* a long list of all/ the food\ which were forbidden. 

The list included most of things/ Hugh loves: *butter*/, *potatoes*/, rice/, beer/, milk/, chocolate/ and sweets. 

Yesterday, I paid him a visit. 
I rang the bell and was not surprised to see   that HugZh was still as fat  as ever. 
He let me into his room and hurriedly  hid   a large parcel under his desk. 
It was obvious  that he was very *embarrassed*. 

When I asked him what he was doing, he smiled *guiltily* and then/ put the parcel on the desk. 
He explained that his diet was so *strict*, that he had to reward himself *occasionally*. 
Then/ he showed me the *contents* of the parcel. 
It contained five large *bars* of chocolate   and three bags of sweets. 

 

## 生词记录 
- things go bad 
- go on a diet 节食 
- pay sb a visit 拜访 
- embarrassed 尴尬的 
- guiltily 内疚的 
- occasionally 偶尔地 
- bar 长条 

## 练习记录 
###听写 
- things ---> since 
- guiltily - contents 内容，两次了 --->contains 
- bars --->bangs 

###朗读 
- forbidden
- list included 连读 
- still as 连读
- hid 
- Then

##点评记录 
- To Zerrian
 - food听着像foods;
 - hurried 的u;
 - occasionally 的sion 听着像tion.


- To By
 - included --> include, paid --> pay
 - Hugh was still as 的was 听着像as
 - hurried 的u


- To 瓶子
 - long -听着像->lone
 - let -->lit
 - hid -->had
 - explained 的lain 听着像lan

##自我总结 
- hurriedly 应该注意的。
- 听写时还是比较容易的，朗读总感觉差点。

##时长累计
7.01

---
[ˈlɛsən] [ˈfɪfti]-[wʌn] [rɪˈwɔrd] [fɔr] [ˈvɜrʧu] 

[waɪ] [dɪd] [hjuz] [ˈdaɪət] [nɑt] [wɜrk]? 
[maɪ] [frɛnd], [hju], [hæz] [ˈɔlˌweɪz] [bɪn] [fæt], [bʌt] *[θɪŋz]* [gɛt] [soʊ] [bæd] [ˈrisəntli] [ðæt] [hi] [ˌdɪˈsaɪdɪd] [tu] [goʊ] [ɑn] [ə] [ˈdaɪət]. 
[hi] [bɪˈgæn] [hɪz] [ˈdaɪət] [ə] [wik] [əˈgoʊ]/. 
[fɜrst] [ɑv] [ɔl], [hi] *[roʊt] [aʊt]* [ə] [lɔŋ] [lɪst] [ɑv] [ɔl] [ðə] [fud] [wɪʧ] [wɜr] [ˈfɔrbɪdən]. 
[ðə] [lɪst] [ɪnˈkludəd] [moʊst] [ɑv] [θɪŋ] [hju] [lʌvz]: *[ˈbʌtər]*/, *[pəˈteɪˌtoʊ]*/, [raɪs]/, [bɪr]/, [mɪlk]/, [ˈʧɔklət]/ [ænd] [swits]. 

[ˈjɛstərˌdeɪ], [aɪ] [peɪd] [hɪm] [ə] [ˈvɪzət]. 
[aɪ] [ræŋ] [ðə] [bɛl] [ænd] [wʌz] [nɑt] [sərˈpraɪzd] [tu] [si] [ðæt] [hju] [wʌz] [stɪl] [æz] [fæt] [æz] [ˈɛvər]. 
[hi] [lɛt] [mi] [ˈɪntu] [hɪz] [rum] [ænd] [ˈhɜridli] [hɪd] [ə] [lɑrʤ] [ˈpɑrsəl] [ˈʌndər] [hɪz] [dɛsk]. 
[ɪt] [wʌz] [ˈɑbviəs] [ðæt] [hi] [wʌz] [ˈvɛri] *[ɪmˈbɛrəst]*. 

[wɛn] [aɪ] [æskt] [hɪm] [wʌt] [hi] [wʌz] [ˈduɪŋ], [hi] [smaɪld] *[ˈgɪltɪli]* [ænd] [ðɛn] [pʊt] [ðə] [ˈpɑrsəl] [ɑn] [ðə] [dɛsk]. 
[hi] [ɪkˈspleɪnd] [ðæt] [hɪz] [ˈdaɪət] [wʌz] [soʊ] *[strɪkt]*, [ðæt] [hi] [hæd] [tu] [rɪˈwɔrd] [hɪmˈsɛlf] *[əˈkeɪʒənəli]*. 
[ðɛn] [hi] [ʃoʊd] [mi] [ði] *[ˈkɑntɛnts]* [ɑv] [ðə] [ˈpɑrsəl]. 
[ɪt] [kənˈteɪnd] [faɪv] [lɑrʤ] *[bɑrz]* [ɑv] [ˈʧɔklət] [ænd] [θri] [bægz] [ɑv] [swits]. 
