# 英语学习20161127

> 慢速 大声 夸张

小处： 卷舌,d/t ,s/z,w/v不可懈怠

## 课文原文

Lesson Sixty-six  Sweet as honey

What was sweet as honey/, and why?

In nineteen sixty-three, a _Lancaster bomber_ crashed on _Wallis_ island, a remote place in the South Pacific,a long way west of _Samoa_.
The plane wasn't too badly damaged but over the years, the crash was forgotted and  the wreck remained _undistured_.

Then in nineteen eighty-nine, twenty-six years after the crash, the plane was accidentally /rediscovered in an aerial suvey of the island.
By this time/, a Lancaster bomber in _reasonable_ condition/ was rare/ and worth resucing.
The French _authorities_ had the plane packaged and moved in parts   back to France. 

Now a group of _enthusiasts_ are going to have the plane restored.
It has four Rolls Royce Merlin engines,but the group will need to have only three of them rebuilt.
_Imagine_ their surprise _and delight_ when they broke open the packing _cases_ and found the fourth engine was sweet as honey ,still in perfect condition. 
A colony of bees had turned the engine into a hive and it was totally preserved in _beeswax_.


## 生词记录
* Lancaster 城市名 
* bomber 轰炸机
* Wallis 地名
* Samoa 地名
* wreck 残骸
* undisturbed 未被移动的，未被打扰的
* reasonable 明智的 》》in reasonable condition 状态良好的
* a colony of 一对
* beesmax 蜂蜡

## 练习记录

### 听写
* 生词
* and delight ---> at the light
* Imagine --->Imaging
* beeswax

### 朗读
* was  worth
* enthusiasts

## 点评记录

* From Joyce
 * honey 卷舌
 * enthusiasts 多了一个音

* To lili
 * lancaster, delight 的l听着像n
 * undistured 的t浊化成d更好
 * condition %con[kən]

* To 海燕
 * survey -->surway
 * the engine
 * beeswax -->beewax 

* To Jeniffer
 * Samoa-->Samowo
 * rediscovered 注意重音 
 * fourth -->firs

## 自我总结
* 卷舌 遇到a,e, o都要警惕
* long <--> lone

## 时长累计
7.33

---
