# 英语学习20161205

> 慢速 大声 夸张

小处： 卷舌,d\/t ,s\/z,w\/v不可懈怠

## 课文原文

Lesson Seventy-four Out of the limelight\

Why was their disguise\/ 'too perfect'?

_An ancient bus stopped by a \ \_dry river bed_,and a party of famous actors and actresses got off.
Dressed in dark glasses and old clothes,they had taken special _precautions_,so that no one should recognize them.
But as they soon discovered,disguises can sometimes be too perfect.
This is a wonderful place for a  picnic. said Gloria Gleam.
"It couldn't be better,Gloria." Brinksley Meers  agreed.
"No newspaper men,no _film_ fans,why don't we come more often?"
Meanwhile,two another actors,Rockwall Slinger and Merlin Greeves, had carried two large food baskets to a 
_shady spot_ under some trees. 
When they had all made themselves comfortable,a stranger appeared.
He looked very angry,"Now you get out of here, all of you."He shouted.
"I am _Sherrif_ here,do you see that notice, it says 'NO CAMPING'  in case you can't read"
"Look,Sherrif," said Rockwall,"don't be too hard on us."
"I'm Rockwall Slinger, and this is Merlin Greeves."
"Oh, is it."said the Sherrif,with a sneer,
"Well, I'm Brinksley Meers.and my other name is Gloria Gleam."
"Now, you get out of here fast."

## 生词记录

* limelight 灰光灯照射的舞台
* Sherrif 治安官
* shady 荫凉的
* sneer 冷笑

## 练习记录

### 听写

* bed--&gt;bank
* shady spot
* Sherrif
* sneer
* film ---&gt;fume

### 朗读

* Brinksley
* Rockwall
* shady

## 点评记录

* To Blumoze

  * clothes%th
  * film --&gt;firm
  * shady %a

* To By

  * Rockwall
  * shouted

* To 紫烟

  * sometime%some --sam
  * actors
  * sneer--&gt;sneel


## 自我总结

* 一堆名字很大干扰


## 时长累计

  7.51


---

