# 英语学习20161209

> 慢速 大声 夸张

小处： 卷舌,d/t ,s/z,w/v不可懈怠

## 课文原文

Lesson Seventy-eight The last one

For how long did the writer give up smoking?

After reading an article  entitled "Cigarette smoking and you health", I lit a cigaratte to calm  my nerves.
I smoked with _ntration and pleasure as I was sure this would be my last cigaratte.  
For a whole week, I did not smoke at all,and during this time my wife suffered terribly.
I had all the usual symptoms of someone giving up smoking, a bad temper and an enormous uptite.
My friend kept on offering me cigarete and cigars, they made no effort to hide their amuzement  whenever I produced the packet of sweets from my pocket. 
After seven days after this,I went to a party.
Everyboay around me was somking and I felt extremly uncomfortable.
When my old friend Brian urged me to accept a cigarette, I was more than I could bear.
I took it guiltily ,lit it and somke with satisfaction.
My wife was delighted that thing had returned to normal once more.
Anyway,as Brian pointed out,it is the easiest thing in the world to give up somking,
He himself has done it lots of times.



## 生词记录
* concentration 注意力
* symtom 症状
* make no effort to do sth 不努力做
* lots od times 许多次

## 练习记录

### 听写
* cigarette 竟然不会写
* concentration 没有写出来
* made --> may 
* packet ,pocket区分不好

### 朗读
* symptom
* concentration
* cigarette  英美的重音位置不同

## 点评记录


* To By
 *packet%a
 *bear-->beer
 *easiest -->easierst

* To caicai
 * appetite
 * pleasure
 * unsual

* To viola 
 * cigarette
 * usual -->usually 
 * effort %e
 * Brian
 * bear

## 自我总结
* cigarette英美重音位置不同
* himself的用法还是不熟悉

## 时长累计
7.06

---
