# 英语学习20161212

> 慢速 大声 夸张

小处： 卷舌,d/t ,s/z,w/v不可懈怠

## 课文原文

Lesson Eighty-one Escape

Why did the prisoner attack the driver?

When he had killed the gurad,the prisoner of _war_ quickly dragged him into the bushes.
Working rapidly in the darkness,he soon changed into the dead man's clothes.
Now dressed in a blue uniform and with a rifle over his shoulder, the prisoner marched _boldly up and down in front of _ the camp.
He could hear shouting in the camp itself.
Lights were blazing and men were running here and there.
They had just discovered that a prisoner had escaped.
At that moment,a large black car with four officers inside it  stopped at the camp gates.
The officers got out and the prisoner stood to attention  and saluted as they passed.
When they had gone, the driver of the car came towards him.
The man obviously wanted to talk.
He was rather _elderly_ with grey hair and clear blue eyes.
The prisoner felt sorry for him,but there was nothing else he could do.
As the man came nearly, the prisoner knocked him to the ground with a sharp blow.
Then jumping into the car,he drove off as quickly as he could.
* To 紫烟
 * war --warl
 * running
 * inside ,eye
 * camp -->camper
 
* To Louie
 * had--> herd
 * uniform for -->ful
 * rifle  -rivor

* To BY
 * shoulder-->shoulger
 * saluted 
 * hair -->here
  
## 生词记录
* boldly
* up and down
* stand to attention adn salute
* elderly

## 练习记录

### 听写
* marched
* boldly
* up and down
* war
* elderly

### 朗读
* boldly
* sharp blow
## 点评记录


## 自我总结

## 时长累计
7.67

---
