# 英语学习20161031 
 
小处： 卷舌,d/t ,s/z,w/v不可懈怠 
## 课文原文 
Lesson Thirty-nine Am I all right? 

Why did Mr Gilbert telephone Dr Millington? 

While John Gilbert was in hospital, he asked his **doctor** to tell him whether his operation had been successful, but the doctor refused to do so. 
The following day, the patient asked for a ***bedside*** telephone. 
When he was alone, he telephoned the hospital exchange and asked for Doctor Millington? 
When the doctor answered the phone/, Mr Gilbert said he was inquiring about a certain patient, a Mr John/ Gilbert.
He asked if Mr Gilbert's operation had been successful, and the doctor told him that it had\ been. He then asked when Mr Gilbert would be allowed to go home, and the doctor told him that he would have to stay in hospital for another two weeks. 
Then Doctor Millington asked the **caller**/ if he was a relative of the patient. 
"No ," the patient answered, "I am/ Mr John Gilbert." 

##生词纪录 
无 
##练习记录
 
###听写 
- bedside 暗藏一个连读 

###朗读 
- bedside 
- all right 

##点评记录 
- From AQ doctor英式 bedside caller升调读成降调 
- To AQ nine 听着像night successful 第一个c的［k］好像漏掉了 exchange [ɪksˈʧeɪnʤ] 结尾不是[ʤi] 
- To Joyce telephoned 的d好像漏了 caller听着像color 
- To Louie alone 的lo n 好像分的有些开， if he was a relative 的if 听着像is 

## 自我总结 
- doctor 和 bedside 是大意了。 
- caller 升调还是注意和标示出来 

##时长累计 
6.75 
>[ˈlɛsən] [ˈθɜrdi]-[naɪn] [æm] [aɪ] [ɔl] [raɪt]? [waɪ] [dɪd] [ˈmɪstər] [ˈgɪlbərt] [ˈtɛləˌfoʊn] [draɪv] [ˈmɪlɪŋtən]? [waɪl] [ʤɑn] [ˈgɪlbərt] [wʌz] [ɪn] [ˈhɑˌspɪtəl], [hi] [æskt] [hɪz] [ˈdɑktər] [tu] [tɛl] [hɪm] [ˈwɛðər] [hɪz] [ˌɑpəˈreɪʃən] [hæd] [bɪn] [səkˈsɛsfəl], [bʌt] [ðə] [ˈdɑktər] [rəˈfjuzd] [tu] [du] [soʊ]. [ðə] [ˈfɑloʊɪŋ] [deɪ], [ðə] [ˈpeɪʃənt] [æskt] [fɔr] [eɪ] *[ˈbɛdˌsaɪd]* [ˈtɛləˌfoʊn]. [wɛn] [hi] [wʌz] [əˈloʊn], [hi] [ˈtɛləˌfoʊnd] [ðə] [ˈhɑˌspɪtəl] [ɪksˈʧeɪnʤ] [ænd] [æskt] [fɔr] [ˈdɑktər] [ˈmɪlɪŋtən]? [wɛn] [ˈdɑktər] [ˈænsərd] [ðə] [foʊn], [ˈmɪstər] [ˈgɪlbərt] [sɛd] [hi] [wʌz] [ɪnˈkwaɪərɪŋ] [əˈbaʊt] [ə] [ˈsɜrtən] [ˈpeɪʃənt], [ə] [ˈmɪstər] [ʤɑn] [ˈgɪlbərt]. [hi] [æskt] [ɪf] [ˈmɪstər] [ˈgɪlbərts] [ˌɑpəˈreɪʃən] [hæd] [bɪn] [səkˈsɛsfəl], [ænd] [ðə] [ˈdɑktər] [toʊld] [hɪm] [ðæt] [ɪt] [hæd] [bɪn]. [hi] [ðɛn] [æskt] [wɛn] [ˈmɪstər] [ˈgɪlbərt] [wʊd] [bi] [əˈlaʊd] [tu] [goʊ] [hoʊm], [ænd] [ðə] [ˈdɑktər] [toʊld] [hɪm] [ðæt] [hi] [wʊd] [hæv] [tu] [steɪ] [ɪn] [ˈhɑˌspɪtəl] [fɔr] [əˈnʌðər] [tu] [wiks]. [ðɛn] [ˈdɑktər] [ˈmɪlɪŋtən] [æskt] [ðə] [ˈkɔlər] [ɪf] [hi] [wʌz] [ə] [ˈrɛlətɪv] [ɑv] [ðə] [ˈpeɪʃənt]. "[noʊ]," [ðə] [ˈpeɪʃənt] [ˈænsərd], "[aɪ] [æm] [ˈmɪstər] [ʤɑn] [ˈgɪlbərt]." 
