# 英语学习20161119

> 慢速 大声 夸张

小处： 卷舌,d/t ,s/z,w/v不可懈怠

## 课文原文

Lesson Fifty-eight  A blessing in disguise

Why does the vicar refuse to cut down the tree?

The tiny village, Frindley, is said to possess a cursed tree.
Because the tree was mentioned in a newspaper, the number of visitors to Frindley has now increasing.
The tree was planted near the church fifty years ago, but it is only in recent years that it has gained an evil reputation.
It is said that if anyone touchs the tree,he will have bad luck, if he picks a leaf,he will die.
Many villagers believe that the tree has already claimed a number of victims.
The vicar has been asked to have the tree cut down, but so far he has refused.
He has pointed out that the tree is a useful source of income, as tourists have been coming from all parts of the country to see it.
In spite of all that has been said,the tourists have been picking leaves and cutting their names on the tree trunk.
So far, not one of them has been strunk down by sudden death.


## 生词记录
* vicar 教父
* tourist 游客	
* claim victim 造成…… 死亡
* strike down 击倒
* all has been said ,这里的all是一个整体，故而用单数has
## 练习记录

### 听写
* possess,reputation,claimed,struck 有迟疑
* has -->had
* death -->death
### 朗读

## 点评记录
* From 懒小姐
 * said to possess 的to丢了
 * now increasing ---> now increased
 * income 重音

* From May
 * Frinley -->Frindley
 * believe that 停顿
 * see it -->say
 * not one of 语调

* To Louie
 * claim -->glaim
 * luck lonk

* To Albert
 * mention  mantion

* To Sarah
 * blessing
 * refuse ,disguise 的se[z]

## 自我总结
* 停写检查要再仔细些
* 小问题要重视

## 时长累计
7.15

---
