# 英语学习20161213

> 慢速 大声 夸张

小处： 卷舌,d/t ,s/z,w/v不可懈怠

## 课文原文

Lesson Eighty-three After the elections

Why did Patrick keep on asking the same question?

The former _Prime_ Minister,Mr Wentworth Lane was defeated in the recent elections.
He is now retiring from political life and has gone abroad.
My friend,Patrick has always been a _fanatical_ opponent of Mr Lane's Radical Progressive Party
After the election,Patrick went to the former Prime Minister's house.
When he asked if Mr Lane lived there,the policeman on duty told him that since his defeat, the ex-Prime Minister had gone abroad.
On the follwing day,Patrick went to the house again.
The same\ policeman was just walking slowly pass the _entrance_,when Patrick asked the same\ question.
Though a little _suspicious_ this time,the policeman gave him the same answer.
The day after,Patrick went to the house once more/,and asked exactly the same question.
This time,the policeman lost his temper.
"I told you yesterday\  and the day //before yesterday." he shouted.
"Mr Lain was \\defeated in the elections."
"He has retired from the politcal life and gone/  to live abroad."
"I know," answered Patrick, "But I love/  to hear  you say it."
* To 沙漠
 * 

* To Louie
 * Patrick
 * has
 *
   
## 生词记录
* fanatical 狂热的
* Prime Minster首相
* suspicious 可疑的

## 练习记录

### 听写
* Prime
* fanatical
* suspicious
* entrance

### 朗读
* Prime Minster m弱读
* asked if

## 点评记录
* From 哼哼
 * recent defeat 不够清晰
 * following结尾有些卷舌
 
* From 懒小姐
 * former%er
 * political%ti
 * opponent%o
 * walking有卷舌
 * yesterday and the day before yesterday不够圆滑

## 自我总结

## 时长累计
7.72

---
