# 英语学习20161125

> 慢速 大声 夸张

小处： 卷舌,d/t ,s/z,w/v不可懈怠

## 课文原文

Lesson Sixty-four The Channel Tunnel

Why was the first tunnel\   not completed?

In eighteen fifty-eight, a French engineer  Aime Thome de Gamond  arrived in England with a plan   for a twenty-one-mile tunnel   under the English Channel
He said that it would be possible/  to build a platform in the centre/  of the Channel.
This platfrom would serve as a port  and a railway station.
The tunnel would be well ventilated if tall/ chimneys were built above sea level.

In eighteen sixty, a better plan was put forward by an Englishman _William Low_.
He suggested that a double railway-tunnel should be built.
This would solve the problem of ventilation, for if train enters this tunnel,it would draw in fresh air behind it.

Forty-two years later,a tunnel was actually begun.
If/, at the time, the _British_ had not feard invasion,it would\  have been completed.
The world had to wait for almost another one hundred years/ for the Channel tunnel.
It was officially opened  on March seven, nineteen ninety-four, finally connecting Britain  to the Eurpean continent.

## 生词记录
* ventilate 使通风
* chimney 烟囱

## 练习记录

### 听写
* British,Britain突然想不起来

### 朗读
* tunnel% tu
* the Eurpean% the

## 点评记录

* To 大西
  * Channel -->chinel
  * said --->sud
  * built --->ts 

* To By
  * eighteen eighty  重音
  * forward  -->ford
  * train -->Trun
  * solve slov
 
 
* To LuLu
 * engineer
 * platform
 * level
 * feard 
 * another
 * Eurpean continent 

## 自我总结
* tunnel 要就过来
* William Low 差点没听出来

## 时长累计
7.28

---
