# 英语学习20161128

> 慢速 大声 夸张

小处： 卷舌,d/t ,s/z,w/v不可懈怠

## 课文原文

Lesson Sixty-seven Volcanoes

Why does Tazieff risk his life like  this?

Haroun Tazieff,the Polish scientist, has spent his lifetime studying active volcanoes and deep caves in all parts of the world.
In nineteen forty-eight,he went to a Lake Kivu /in the Congo/ to observe a new volcano/ which he later named Kituro.
Tazieff was able to set up his camp very close to the volcano\ while it was _erupting_ _violently_.
Though he managed to take a number  of briliant photographs,he could not stay near the volcano for very long.
He noticed that a river of _liqud rock_ was coming towards him.
It _threaten to  surround_ him completely,but Tazieff managed to escape just in time.
He waited until the volcano became quiet and he was able to return/ two days\ later.
This time,he manage to climb into the mouth of Kituro so that he could take photographs and measure temperatures.
Tazieff has often risked his life in this way.
He has been able to _tell us_ more about active volcanoes than any man alive. 


## 生词记录
* Tazieff 波兰人名
* Haroun 波兰人名
* Polish 波兰人
* Lake Kivu
* Congo
* Kituro

## 练习记录

### 听写
* 生词
* erupt violent
* liqud rock
* threaten to surround
* measure temperatures
* tell us

### 朗读
* was
* 长句子

## 点评记录
* To Lulu
 * scientist -->sersiet
 * world -> word
 * quiet -->quit
 * abount%a-->e

* To Joyce
 * Tazieff ---> Tasieff
 
* To 紫烟
 * new --> no

* From 懒小姐
 * long -->lone
 * tell us  卷舌
 * world 卷舌不好
 * w/v

## 自我总结
* 练习时间要充分
* 还是 w/v和卷舌 

## 时长累计
7.35

---
