# 英语学习20170508

> 慢速 大声 夸张

小处： 卷舌,d/t ,s/z,w/v不可懈怠

## 课文原文20170503

Lesson Fifty-eight   Part One  A spot of bother 

What did the old lady find when she got home?

The old lady was glad to be back at the block of flats where she lived.
Her shopping had tired her and her basket had grown heavier with every step _of_ the way home.
In the lift,her thoughts were on lunch and a good rest, but when she got out at her own floor, both were forgeotten, in her sudden discovery that her front door was open.
She was thinking that she must reprimand her homehelp the next morning, for such a _monstrous_ piece of _negligence_, when she remembered that she had gone shopping after the homehelp had left, and she knew that she had turned both _keys_ in their _locks_.
She wallked slowly into the hall, and at once noticed that all the roomdoors were open, yet following her regular practice, she had _shut them_ before going out.
Looking into the _drawing_ room, she saw a _scene_ of _confusion_ over by her _writting_ desk.
It was as clear as daylight then, that burglars had forced _an entry_ during her absence.

## 生词记录
| 单词/词组 | 释义  |
| :-----| :------|
| monstrous | 不可容忍的 |
| negligence | 疏忽 |
| confusion | 混乱 |
| force an entry | 强行进入 |

## 练习记录
* spot 
* floor
* monstrous
* drawing % aw [)I)
* forced on
* entry

## 点评记录
* To Bella
 * glad flat absence % a -->[ei] 
 * good --> do
 * scene --> see

* To Aris
 * thinking --> sanking
 * left --> laft
 * hall --> ho

* To 践行
 * bother --> bothers
 * floor --> flower
 * that --> the t
  
## 自我总结
* 感觉还可以。
* draw 都快忘了正确读法。
* forced an entry 读得有些费劲。

## 时长累计
8.85
