# 英语学习20170123

> 慢速 大声 夸张

小处： 卷舌,d/t ,s/z,w/v不可懈怠

## 课文原文

Lesson Fourteen  A noble gangster

How did _Hawkwood_ make money _in_ times of peace?

There was a time when the owners of shops and businesses in _Chicago_ had to pay large sums of money to gangsters in return for protection.
If the money was not paid _promptly_,the gangsters would quickly put a man out of business by destroying his shop.
Obtaining 'protection money' is not a modern crime.
As long ago as the _fourteenth_ century, an Englishman _Sir John Hawkwood_ made the remarkable discovery that people would rather pay large sums of money  than have their lifework destroyed by gangters.

---
Six hundred years ago,Sir John Hawkwood arrived in Italy,with a _band_ of soilders,and settled near Florence.
He soon made a name for himself and came to be known to the Italians as _Giovanni Acuto_.
Whenever the Italian city-states were at war each other,_Hawkwood_ used to hire his soilders to the _princes_ who was willing to pay the high price he demanded.
In the times of peace,when the business was bad,_Hawkwood_ and his men would march into a city state and after burning down a few farms, would _offer to_ go away if protection money was paid to them.
_Hawkwood_ made  large sums of money in this way.
In spite of this,the Italians regarded him as a sort of hero.
When he died at age of eighty,the Florentines gave him a state funeral,and had a picture painted which was _dedicated_ to the memory of the most _valiant_ soilder and most notable leader Signor  _Giovanni Haukodue_

## 生词记录
* promptly 及时地
* out of business 破产
* would rather do A than do B 宁愿做A，也不愿做B
* Florence佛罗伦萨
* prince 小国的君主
* offer to 自动做
* die at age of [number] 在【】 死去
* Florentine 佛罗伦萨人
* be dedicated to do sth 专用于做某事
* valiant 勇敢的
* notable 显著的，杰出的,重大的

## 练习记录

### 听写
* in times of peace --> at times of peace
* fourteenth --> fourteen
* a band of 连读
* princes --> princess
 
### 朗读
* princes
* Signor
## 点评记录


## 自我总结
* 这篇课文好熟悉，除了生词，其它的几乎都没问题。

## 时长累计
7.85

---
