# 英语学习20170107

> 慢速 大声 夸张

小处： 卷舌,d/t ,s/z,w/v不可懈怠

## 课文原文

Lesson Six  Smash and grab

How did Mr Taylor try to stop the thieves?

The expensive shops in the famous _arcade near Piccadily_ were just opening.
At this time of the morning, the arcade was almost empty.
Mr Taylor,the owner of jewellery shop//  was _admiring_  a new window display.
Two of his assistants had been working busily   since eight o'clock  and had only just finished.
Diamond _necklaces_ and rings//   had been beautifully// arranged\   on the background of  black _velvet_.
After _gazing at these display_ for several minutes,Mr Taylor went back into his shop.
The slience was suddenly broken when a large car  with its _headlights_  on  and its _horn_ _blaring_ ,_roared_ down the arcade.
It came to a stop outside the _jeweller's_.
One man  stayed at the _wheel_, while two others with black stockings over their faces   jumped out and smashed the window of the shop with iron bars.


While this was going,Mr Taylor was upstairs.
He and his staff began throwing furniture out of the window, chairs and tables went flying into the arcade.
One of the thieves was struck by a heavy statue,but he was too busy  helping  himself to diamonds  to notice any pain.
The _raid_ was all over in three minutes, for the men __ back into the car and moved off the fatanstic _sbid_.
Just as they was leaving, Mr Taylor rushed out and ran after it,throwing __ and _vases_,but it was impossible to stop the thieves.
They had gotten away with thousands of pounds  worth of diamonds.

## 生词记录
* arcade 拱廊,有拱廊的街道
## 练习记录

### 听写

### 朗读

## 点评记录


## 自我总结

## 时长累计


---
