# 英语学习20170111-20170112

> 慢速 大声 夸张

小处： 卷舌,d/t ,s/z,w/v不可懈怠

## 课文原文

Lesson Eight  A Famous _monastery_

What are the _St.Bernard_ dogs used for?

The great _St.Bernard_ Pass connects _Switerland_ to Italy.
At 2473 meters,it is the highest mountain Pass in Europe.
The famous _monastery_ of _St.Bernard_ which was _founded_ _11th century_,lies about a mile away.
For hundreds of years,_St.Bernard_ dogs have saved the lives of travllers crossing the dangerous Pass.
These friendly dogs,which were first brought from _Asia_,were used// as watchdogs, \even in Roman times.
Now _that_ a tunnel has been built through the mountains,the Pass is less dangerous,but each year,the dogs are still sent out into the _snow_ ,whenever a travller is in difficulty.
Despite the new tunnel,there are still a few people, who rashly attempted to cross the Pass on foot.


During the summer _months_, the monastery is very busy,for it is visited by thousands of people who cross the Pass in cars.
As there are so many people _about_//,the dogs have to be kept, in a special _enclosure_.
In winter,however,life at the monastery is quite different.
The _temperature_ drops to minus thirty degrees/, and\ /very few people attempt to cross the Pass.
The monks prefer winter to summer,for they have more _privacy_.
The dogs have greater _freedom_ too,for they are allowed to wander outside their _enclosure_.
The only regular visitors,to the _monastery_ in winter, are parties of _skiers_,who go there at Chrismas and Ester.
These young people who loves the peace of the mountains,always receive a warm welcome at the St.Bernard _monastery_.

  

## 生词记录
* monastery 修道院
* Switzerland 瑞士
* enclosure 围栏，围墙
* founded 被建立
* skier 滑雪者 

## 练习记录
  
### 听写
* St.Bernard
* founded 
* 11th century --> 11 persadery
* snow 竟然没能想起来

### 朗读
* people about 连读

## 点评记录

* To Kani
 * th 听着像ler: the,they,there these
 * for 听着像vor
 * monks-->  marks

* To 随遇而安
 * special %e --> i
 * regular %gu --> g
 
* To 蔡蔡
 * monastery的重音
 * summer --> sermer

## 自我总结
* 生词并不多，但是语速跟不上。
* 连读和腔调好像找到了些感觉。

## 时长累计
7.82

---
