# 英语学习20170129

> 慢速 大声 夸张

小处： 卷舌,d/t ,s/z,w/v不可懈怠

## 课文原文

Lesson eighteen Electric currents in modern art

How might some of the _exhibits_ have been dangerous?

Modoern _sculpture_ _rarely_ surpirses us any more.
The _idea_ that modern art can only be seen in museums is _mistaken_.
Even people who take no _interst in_ art can not have failed to notice _examples_ of modern _sculpture_ on display in public places.
Strange forms _stand in_ gardens,and _outside_ buildings and shops.
We have got quite used to them.
Some so-called "modern pieces" have been on display for nearly eighty years.
Inspite of this,some people,including myself,were surprised by a recent _exhibition_ of modern _sculpture_.
The first thing I saw when I entered the art gallery was a notice,which said:"Do not touch the _exhibitis_,some of them are dangerous."
The _objects_ on display were pieces of moving _sculpture_.

---

_Oddly_ shaped forms that are suspended from the _ceiling_ and move in _response_to _a gust of wind_ are quite _familiar_ to everybody.
These objects,however,were different.Lined up aganist the wall,they were long,_thin_ wires attached to _mental_ _spheres_.
The _spheres_ had been _magnetized_ and _attracted_ or _repelled_ each other all the time.
In the centre of hall,there were a number of tall _structures_ which contained colored _lights_.
There lights _flickered_ continuously like traffic lights which have gone _mad_.
Sparks _were_ _emitted_ from small black _boxes_ and red lamps flashed on and off _angrily_.
It was rather _like_ _an_ exhibition of _prehistoric_  electronic equipment.
These _peculiar_ forms not only _seemed_ _designed_ to shock people emotionally, but to give them a _electric_ shock as well.


## 生词记录
* electric 电的  ---->  electronic 电子的
* current 电流
* sculpture 雕塑 
* mistaken 错误的
* take no interst in XXX 对XXX没兴趣 
* Oddly 古怪的
* ceiling 天花板
* a gust of wind  一阵风
* sphere 球体 ----> ball
* magnetized 磁化的
* attracted 吸引的
* repell 抵制，排斥
* flicker 闪烁
* emit 发射
* flash 闪光
* it is rather like an XXX 这更像是XXX
* prehistoric 史前的

## 练习记录

### 听写20170129
* exhibition,example,sculpture,idea,mistaken,rarelu,object,ceiling,magnetized反应慢
* interst in --> instersting
* stand in --> stayed in
* boxes 没想出来

### 朗读

## 点评记录


## 自我总结

## 时长累计


---
