# 英语学习20170207

> 慢速 大声 夸张

小处： 卷舌,d/t ,s/z,w/v不可懈怠

## 课文原文

Lesson Twenty-two  By Heart

Which actor read the letter in the end,the _arist_ _crator_ or the _jailor_?

Some plays are so _succesful_ _that_ _run_ for years _on_ _and_.
In many ways,this is unfortunate for the poor actors who are required to go on repeating the same lines night after night.
One would inspect them to know their parts by heart and never have cause to fault.
Yet this is not always the case.
A famous actor in a highly sucessful play was once cast in a role of _a_ _arist_ _crator_ who had been a prisoner in _Bashidi_ for twnety years.
In the last act,a _jailor_ would often come onto the stage with a letter which he would hand to the prisoner.
Even thought the noble was inspected to read the letter at each performance,he always insisted that it should be written out in full.
One night,the jailor decided to play a joke on his _collage_,to find out if after so many performance,he had managed to learn the contents of the letter by heart.


But the copy he gave him had not been written out in full as usual,it was simply a blank sheet of paper.
The jailor looked down eagerly, anxious to see if his fellow actor had at last learn his lines.
The noble stared at the blank sheet of paper for a few seconds.
That _squanting_ his eyes,he said "the light is dim,read the letter to me."
And _improperly_ hand the sheet of paper to the _jailor_.
Finding that he can not remember a word of the letter either,the _jailor_ reply:
"The light is indeed dim,_sir_,I must get my glasses."
With this,he hurried off the stage.

 




## 生词记录

## 练习记录

### 听写

### 朗读

## 点评记录


## 自我总结

## 时长累计


---
