# 英语学习20170425

> 慢速 大声 夸张

小处： 卷舌,d/t ,s/z,w/v不可懈怠

## 课文原文

Lesson Fifty-four   Part One   Instinct or _Cleverness_

Was the writer successful in protecting his peach tree,why not?

We have been brought up to fear insects.
We regard them as _unnecessary_ creatures that do more harm than good.
We _continually_ _wage_ war on them,for they contaminate our food,carry diseases,or _devour_ our crops.
They sting or bite _without provocation_,they fly uninvitedly into our rooms on summer nights,or beat aganist our _lighted_ windows.
We live in _dread_ not only of unpleasant insects like _spiders_ or _wasps_,but of quite harmless ones like _moths_. 
Reading about them increases our understanding,without dispelling our fears.
Knowing that the _industrious_ ant lives in a highly _organized society_ ,does nothing to prevent us from being _filled_ with _revulsion_ when we find  _hordes_ of them _crawling over a carefully prepared_ picnic lunch.
No matter how much we like honey,or how much we have _read about_ _the uncanny sense of direction which bees possess_ ,we have _a_ horror of being stung.
Most of our fears are unreasonable,but they are impossible to _erase_.
At the same time,however,insects are _strangely_ _fancinating_.

---

## 生词记录
| 单词/词组 | 释义  | 
| :-----| :------|
| wage | 开始，进行 | 
| devour | 吞噬，吞食，毁灭|
| provocation | 刺激，挑衅 |
| dread | 恐惧 |
| wasp | 黄蜂，胡蜂 |
| moth | 蛾 |
| industrious | 勤劳的 |
| revulsion | 非常的厌恶 |
| horde | 群，游牧部落 |
| uncanny | 神秘的，不可思议的 |

## 练习记录
* have read % read [red]
* possess //
* stung
* erase % ra[ei]
* strangely  //\\

## 点评记录
* To Lily
 * nights % n 
 * prevent --> prevented
 * possess , disease % s[z] --> [s]

* To Bella 
 * of % o ===>[a:] 
 * society ---> socity
 * have read --> [ri:d]

* To 排骨
 * fears --> feels
 * revulsion --> revultion
 * have read --> [ri:d]

## 自我总结
* 听不出来的部分，读的也费劲。
* 长句的断句真心无力。
* sion,tion 区别又忽略了。

## 时长累计
8.62
