# 英语学习20170101

> 慢速 大声 夸张

小处： 卷舌,d/t ,s/z,w/v不可懈怠

## 课文原文

Lesson Three  An unknown goddess

How did the archeaologists know//   _that_ the statue was a goddess?

Some time ago/, an intersting discovery  was made\  by archeaologists  on the _Aegean_ island of _Kea_.
An American team explored the temple  which stands  in an _ancient_ city on the _promontory_ of _Ayia Irini_.
The city  at one time/ must have been _prosperous_, for it enjoyed  a high level of _civilization_.
Houses, often three storeys high/   were  built of stone.
They had large rooms, with beautifully decorated _walls_.
The city was even equipped with a _drainage_ system, for a great _many_ clay pipes were  found beneath the narrow streets.

The temple which the archeaologists explored  was used as a place of _worship_    from the 15th century  BC   until   Roman times.
In the most sacred room  of the temple, clay _fragments_ of _fifteen_ statues were found.
Each of this\ , _represented_ a goddess, and had     at one time,  been _painted_.


The body of one statue, was found  among remains  _dating_ from   15th century BC. 
Its missing head   happened to be among remmains  of the _fifth_ century BC. 
This head  must have been found  in Classical times and carefully preserved.
It was very _old_ and precious even _then_.

When the archeaologists reconstructed the fragments, they were _amazed_  to find that the goddess turned out to be   a very modern looking woman.
She stood _three_ _feet high_ and her hands _rested_ on her _hips_
She was wearing a _full-length_ skirt  which swept the ground.
Despite of her _great age_, she was very _graceful_ indeed.
but so far, the archeaologists have been unable to discovery  her identity.

## 生词记录
* archeaologist 考古学家
* Aegean 爱琴海的
* promontory 海角
* prosperous 繁荣的
* storey 楼层
* drainage 排水，排污
* sacred 神圣的
* fragment 碎片
* rest 
* hip 臀部
* a full-length skirt which swept the ground 拖地长裙

## 练习记录

### 听写
* houses --> how this
* walls --> worlth
* fifth --> sif
* amazed --> amuzed
* feet high --> siti
* full-length --> folling
* great age, graceful indeed 连读

### 朗读

## 点评记录


## 自我总结

## 时长累计


---
