# 英语学习20170430

> 慢速 大声 夸张

小处： 卷舌,d/t ,s/z,w/v不可懈怠

## 课文原文20170427

Lesson Fifty-five   Part Three   From the earth: Greetings

Which life forms are most likely to develop on an _distant_ planet?

A telescope would have to be as far away as the planet Jupiter,to look for life in the outer space,because the dust becomes _thinner_ the further we travel towards the outer edges of our own solar system.
Once we detected a planet,we would have to find a way of _blotting_ out the light from its star,so that we will be able to see the planet properly and _analyse_ its atmosphere. 
In the first _instance_,we would be looking for plant life,rather than little green men.
The life forms most likely to develope on the planet would be bacteria.
It is bacteria that have generated the oxygen we breathe on earth.
For most of the earth's history,_they have been_ the only form of life on our planet. 
As earth dewellers,we always cherish the hope that we will be visited by little green men and that we will be able to communicate with them.
But this hope is always in the _realms_ of science fiction.
If we were able to discover lowly forms of life,like bacteria or another plants,it would completely change our view of ourselves.
As Daniel Goldin of NASA observed,"_Finding_ life _elsewhere_ would change everything,no human _endevour_ or _thought_ would be unchanged by it."


## 生词记录
| 单词/词组 | 释义  |
| :-----| :------|
| blot out | 遮蔽 |
| in the first instance | 首先 |
| realm | 领域 |
| elsewhere | 在别处 |
| endeavor | 努力，奋斗 | 

## 练习记录
* analyse its 连读
* realm 

## 点评记录
* To 007
 * edge

* To DeliaJu
 * realms % ea [e] --> [ei]

* from 007 
 * breathe [bri &] --> [bre$]
  
## 自我总结
* 还是要对音标，breathe 光靠听，还是搞错了

## 时长累计
8.72
