# 英语学习20170210

> 慢速 大声 夸张

小处： 卷舌,d/t ,s/z,w/v不可懈怠

## 课文原文

Lesson Twenty-three One man's meat is another man's poison

What was it about _snails_,that made the writer _collect_ them for his friend on that day in particular?

People _become_ quite _illogical_ when they _try_ to decide what can be eaten and what can not be eaten.
If you lived in the _Mediterranean_ ,_for_ _instance_, you would consider _octopus_ a great _delicacy_.
You would not be able to understand why some people find it _repulsive_.
On the other hand,your _stomach_ would turn _at_ the idea of frying potatoes in animal fat,the normally _accepted_ _practice_ in many northern countries.
The _sad_ _truth_ is that  most of us _have been brought up_ to  eat certain foods and we stick to them all our lives. 
No _creature_ has received more praise and _abuse_ than the _common_ garden _snails_.
_Cooked in wine_,_snails_ are _a great_ _luxury_ in various parts of the world.
They are _countless_ people who, ever since their early years, have learned to _assosiate_ _snails_ with food.
My friend,Robert,lived in a country where _snails_ are _despised_.
As his _flat_ is in the large town,he has no garden of his own.
For years,he has been asking me to collect _snails_ from my garden,and take them to him.

---

The idea never _appealed to_ me very much.
But,one day,after a heavy shower,I happened to be walking in my garden,when I noticed a huge number of _snails_taking _a_ _stroll_ on some of my _price_ _plants_.
_Acting_ on a _sudden_ _impulse_,I collected several dozen,put them in a paperbag and took them to Robert.
Robert was delighted to see me and _equally_ pleased with my little gift.
I left the bag in the hall and _Robert and I_, went into the living room where we tallked for a couple of hour. 
I had forgotten all about the _snails_,when Robert suddenly said that I must stay to dinner.
_snails_ would,of course,be the main dish.
I did not fancy the idea,and I reluctantly follow Robert out of the room.
To our dismay,we saw that there were snails everywhere.
They had _escaped_ from the paper bag and had taken complete possession of the hall.
I have never been able to look at snails since then.


## 生词记录
* snail 蜗牛
* illogical 不合逻辑的
* Meediterranean 地中海的
* for instance 举例
* octopus 章鱼
* delicacy 美味
* repulsive 恶心的
* you stomach turn 反胃
* stick to 坚持
* abuse 辱骂，滥用，虐待
* countless  无数的
* despised 被鄙视的
* appeal to 吸引
* take a stroll  散步 =～=  take a walk  
* act on a sudden impulse 一时兴起
* equally 也，平等地,相同地
 
## 练习记录

### 朗读
* illogical
* delicacy
* cooked in
* are a
* collect

## 点评记录
* To 阿伊莎
 * Mediterranean --> Mediterring
 * idea --> ideal

* To Sebastian 
 * delicacy % e
 * repulsive % l
 * praise % ai --> [ai] 
 * flat % a --> [ai]

* To Jason
 * idea --> ideal
 * parts --> ports
 * world --> worlds 

* From Jason
 * us --> urs
  
## 自我总结
* 听写好难
* north % th 和 northern % th 发音不同

## 时长累计
7.95

---
