# 英语学习20170218

> 慢速 大声 夸张

小处： 卷舌,d/t ,s/z,w/v不可懈怠

## 课文原文

Lesson Twenty-seven Nothing to sell and nothing to buy

What is the most important thing for a tramp?

It has been said that everyone lives by selling something.
In the _light_ of this statement,teachers live by selling knowledge,_philosophers_ live by selling wisdom,and priests lives by selling _spiritual_ _comfort_.
Though it may be possible to measure the value of _material_ goods in terms of money,it is _extremely_ difficult to _estimate_  the true value of service which people perform for us.	
There are times when we would willingly give everything we possess to save our lifes,yet we might _grudge_ _paying_ a _surgeon_ a high fee for offering us _precisely_ this service.
The condition of  _society_ are such that _skills_ have to be paid for in the same way that goods are paid at shop.
Everyone has something to sell.
Tramp seem to be the only exception of this general rule.
Beggars almost sell themselves as human beings to _arouse the pity of passers-by_, but real tramps are not beggars.
They have nothing to sell and _require_ nothing _form others_
In _seeking_ independence,they do not _sacrifice_ their human diginity. 

---

A tramp may ask you for money but he will never ask you to feel sorry for him.
He has _deliberately_ chosen to live the life he _leads_, and _is_ _fully_ aware of th _consequences_.
He may never be sure where the next meal is coming from,but he is free from the thousands _of anxieties_  which _afflicted_  other people.
His few material possessions make it possible for him to move from place to place with ease.
By having to sleep in the open,he gets far closer to the world of nature than most of us ever do.
He may hunt,beg,steal occasionally, to keep himself alive.
He may,even,in time of real need,do a little work,but he will never sacrifies his freedom.
We often speak of tramps with contempt,and put them in the same class as beggars,but how many of us can honestly say,that we had not _felt_ a little envious of their simple way of life and their freedom from care.

## 生词记录
* tramp 流浪汉
* in the light of this statement 按这种说法
* philosopher 哲学家
* priest 牧师
* grudge doing sth 怨恨做某事
* surgeon 医生
* precisely 精确地
* arouse the pity of someone 引起某人的同情 
* deliberately 故意
* afflict 困扰
* feel envious of 妒忌 
* the freedom from care 无忧无虑的自由

## 练习记录


## 点评记录


## 自我总结

## 时长累计


---
