# 英语学习20170226

> 慢速 大声 夸张

小处： 卷舌,d/t ,s/z,w/v不可懈怠

## 课文原文20170227

Lesson A lovable eccentric

Why did the shop assistant refuse to serve Dickie?

True eccentrics never deliberately set out draw attention to themselves.
They _disreagrd_ social conventions,without being _conscious_ that they are doing anything extraordinary.
This _invariably_ wins them the love and respect of others,for they add color to the _dull_ _routine_ of everyday life.
Up to the time of his death,Richard Colson was one of the most _notable figures_ in our town.
He was a _shrewd_ and wealthy businessman,but most of the people in the town hardly knew anything about this side of his life.
He was known to us all as Dickie,and his _eccentricity_ had become _legendary_ long before he died.
Dickie dislikes _snobs_ _intensely_.
Though he owened a large car,he hardly ever used it,preferring always to go on foot.
Even when it was raining heavily,he refused to carry an umbrella.
One day,he walked into an expensive shop after having been caught in a _particularly_ heavy shower.
He wanted to buy a three hundred pounds watch for his wife,but he was in such a _bedraggled_ condition that an assistant refused to serve him.


## 生词记录
| 单词/词组 | 释义  |
|:----------|:------|
| disregard | 不认为 |
| conscious | 有意识到的 |
| invariably | 一贯地 |
| shrewd | 精明的 |
| notable | 著名的 |
| eccentricity | 怪事 |
| legendary | 传奇 |
| snob | 势利小人 |
| intensely | 强烈滴|
| bedraggled | 泥污满身的 |
| reprimand | 训斥 |
| severely | 严重地，严厉地| 

## 练习记录
* invariably
* eccentricity
* bedraggled

## 点评记录


## 自我总结
* 前半段生词多，却多是议论，听的费劲；
* 后半段生词少，多是记叙文，就简单了一些。
* conscious ,elaborate，能听出来但是写不出来。 

## 时长累计
8.09

---
