# 英语学习20161228

> 慢速 大声 夸张

小处： 卷舌,d/t ,s/z,w/v不可懈怠

## 课文原文

Lesson One  A puma at large

Where must the puma have come from?

Pumas, are large cat-like animals, which are found in America.
When reports came into London Zoo that a wild puma _had been_ spotted forty-five miles south of London,they were not taken seriously.
However,as the evidences began to accumulated,experts from the zoo felt _obliged_ to investigate,for the descriptions given by peolpe, who claimed to have seen the puma,were extraordinarily similar.
The hunt for the puma began at a small village,where a woman picking _blackberries_ saw, a large cat, only five yards away from her.
It immediately ran away when she saw it, and the experts _confirmed_ that a puma will not attack _a_ human being unless it is cornered.
The search proved difficult, for the puma was often _observed_ at one place in the morning,and at another place twenty miles away in the evening.


Wherever it went,it left behind it a _trail_ of dead deer and small animals,like rabbits.
_Paw prints_ were seen in a number of places   and puma fur was found _clinging_ to bushes.
Several people complained of   cat-like _noises_  at night,and a businessman on a fishing trip saw the puma   up a tree.
The experts were now, _fully_ _convinced_ that the animal   was a puma,but where had it come from?
As no puma had been reported missing from any zoo in the country,this one must have been in the possession of a private collector ,and somehow managed   to escape.
The hunt went on for several weeks, but the puma  was not  caught.
It is disturbing   to think that a dangerous wild animal  is still at large  in the quiet countryside.

## 生词记录
* feel obliged to do 有必要，有义务做
* trail（ 小径） of 
* cling  抓紧
* Paw  爪子
* it is cornered 被逼的走投无路，a cornered animal 困兽

## 练习记录

### 听写
* obliged --> obligned
* blackberries --> blackberry
* clinging --> clign
* fully --> firmly

### 朗读

## 点评记录
* From 苗苗
 * descriptions 后面含糊
 * puma 有些飘
 * was--> were

## 自我总结

## 时长累计
7.78

---
