# 英语学习20161230

> 慢速 大声 夸张

小处： 卷舌,d/t ,s/z,w/v不可懈怠

## 课文原文

Lesson Two   Thirteen equals one

Was the vicar pleased that the clock was strcking,why?

Our vicar is always raising money for one _cause_ or another,but he has never managed to get enough money to have the church clock repaired.
The big clock,which used to strike the hour day and night,was damaged many years ago,and has been slient ever since.
One night,however,our vicar woke up   with a start,the clock was striking the hours.
Looking at his watch,he saw  that it was one o'clock, but the bell _struck_ thirteen times before it stopped.
Armed with a torch, the vicar went up into the clock tower, to see what was going on.
In the torchlight,he caught _sight of_ a figure, who he immediately recognized as Bill Wilkins,our local _grocer_.


"Whatever are doing up here,Bill?" asked the vicar  in surprise\ .
"I'm trying to repair the bell."answered /Bill\ .
"I've been coming up here night _after_ night    for weeks now."
"You see. I was hoping to give you a surprise."
"You certainly did give me a surpise." said the vicar.
"_You've_ prabably _woken_ up everyone in the village  as well".
"Still,I'm glad the bell is working again."
"That's the trouble, vicar."answered Bill.
"It's working _all right_ / ,but I'm afraid  that one o'clock it will strike thirteen times.And there's nothing I can do about it."
"We'll  get used  to that,Bill." said the vicar.
"Thirteen is not as good as one,but it's better than nothing."
"Now Let's go _downstairs_ and have a cup of tea."


## 生词记录
* grocer 杂货店店主 
* night after night 一夜又一夜
* all right 确实
* downstairs 在楼下. go downstairs 下楼


## 练习记录

### 听写
* struck 
* night after night 
* cause
* grocer
* You've

### 朗读

## 点评记录


## 自我总结

## 时长累计


---
