# 英语学习20170117

> 慢速 大声 夸张

小处： 卷舌,d/t ,s/z,w/v不可懈怠

## 课文原文

Lesson 12 Life on a desert island 

What was _exceptional about_ two men's stay on the desert island?

Most of us have formed an _unrealistic_ picture of life on a desert island.
We sometimes imagine a dersert island to be a sort of _paradise_ where the sun always shines.
Life there is simple and good.
_Ripe_ fruit falls from trees and you never have to work.
The other side of the picture is quite the opposite,life on a desert island is _wreteched_.
You either starve to death or live like Robinson Crusoe waiting for a boat which never comes.
Perhaps there is an element of truth in both of these picture,but few of us had the opportunity to find out.

Two man who recently spent five days on a coral island wish they had stayed there longer.
They were taking a badly damaged boat from a Virgin islands to Miami  to have it repaired.
During the journey, their boat began to sink.
They quickly loaded a small _rubber dinghy_ with food,_matches_ and cans of bear,and rowed _for_ a few miles across the _Caribbean_ until they are arrived at a tiny,coral island.
They are hardly any trees on the island, and there was no water,but this did not  proved to ba a problem.
The men collected rain water in the _rubber dinghy_.
As they had brought _a spear gun_  with them,they had plenty to eat.
They _caught_ _lobster_ and fish every day ,and as one of them put it,ate like king.
When a passing tanker resuced them five days later,both men were _genuinely_ sorry that they have to leave.

## 生词记录
* exceptional 例外的 
* unrealistic 不真实的
* paradise 天堂
* wreteched 悲惨的
* opportunity 机会
* coral 珊瑚
* dinghy 小艇
* row 划船
* spear gun 捕鱼枪
* lobster 龙虾
 > lobster 龙虾
 > shrimp 虾
 > prawn 对虾
* tanker 油轮
* genuinely 真诚的

* there is an element of truth in both of these pictures.

## 练习记录

### 听写
* exceptional about 
* unrealistic
* paradise
* ripe
* wretched
* rubber dinghy
* rowed for
* Caribbean
* a spear gun
* caught lobster
* genuinely

### 朗读

## 点评记录


## 自我总结

## 时长累计


---
