# 英语学习20170513

> 慢速 大声 夸张

小处： 卷舌,d/t ,s/z,w/v不可懈怠

## 课文原文20170507

Lesson Fifty-nine   Part Three  Collecting 

What in particular does a _person gain_ when he or she becomes a serious collecor?

Whatever it consists of, stamps, records, first editions of books, china, glass, antique furniture, pictures, model cars, _stuffed_ _birds_, toy animals, there is always something to do in connection with it, from finding the right place for the latest edition to _verifying_ facts in the reference book.
This hobby _educates_ one not only in the _chosen_ subject, but also in _general matters_ which have some bearing on it. 
There are also other _benefits_.
_One wants to meet likeminded collectors , to get advice, to compare notes, to exchange articles, to show off the latest find._
So one's circle a friends _grows_.
_Soon the hobby leads to travel, perhaps do a meeting in another town, possibly a trip abroad_ in search of a rare _specimen_, for collectors are not confined _to_ any one country.
Over the years, one may well become  an _authority_ on one's hobby, and will very _probably_ be asked to give informal talks to little gatherings and then, if successful, to larger _audiences_.
In this way,self-confidence grows, first from _mastering_ a subject, then from being able to talk about it.
Collecting,_by occuping spare time so constructively  makes a person contented, with no time_ for _boredom_.

## 生词记录
| 单词/词组 | 释义  |
| :-----| :------|
| stuffed | 填充的 |
| verify | 查证，证实 |
| article | 物品 |
| specimen | 样本，样品 |
| be confined to | 限制于 |
| boredom | 令人厌烦的事物 |


* general matters which have some bearing on it ,与之相关的一般性事物。

## 练习记录
* educates
* like-minded

## 点评记录
None

## 自我总结
* 练习不够，跟不上节奏。

## 时长累计
8.96
