# 英语学习20170103

> 慢速 大声 夸张

小处： 卷舌,d/t ,s/z,w/v不可懈怠

## 课文原文

Lesson Four  The double life of Alfred Bloggs

Why did Alf want a white-collar job?

_These days_, people who do manual work often recieve far more money than people work in offices.
People who work in offices are frequently refer to   as white-collar workers,for the simple reason that they usually wear a collar and a tie to go to work.
Such is human _nature_ that a great many people are often  willing to _sacrifice_ higher pay for the _privilege_ of becoming white-collar workers.
This can give rise to _curious situation_.
As it did  in the case  of Alfred Bloggs  who worked as a dustman for the _Ellesmere_ Corporation.

When he got married, Alf was too _embrassed_  to say anything  to his wife  about his job.
He simply told her  _that he_ worked for the Corporation.


Every morning, he left home  dressed  in a smart  black  suit.
He,then, changed into overalls, and spend the next eight hours as a dustman.
Before returning home at night, he took a shower and changed  back into his suit.
Alf did this for over two years,and his fellow dustman kept  his secret.
Alf's wife had never discovered that she married a dustman   and she never will/ ,
for Alf has just found another job.
He will soon be working in an office.
He will be earning  only half  of much he used to, but he feels that his rise in _status_ is well worth the loss of money.
From now on, he will wear a suit all day,and others will call him   Mr Bloggs, not Alf.

## 生词记录
* sacrifice 牺牲
* privilege 特权
* this give rise  to 这引起
* curious situation 奇怪的情况
* embrassed 尴尬，不好意思
* overalls 工作服
* dustman 清洁工
* his rise in status 地位上的提升
* From now on 从今往后
 
## 练习记录

# 听写
* these%s --[z]
* nature%a [ei]
* curious situation 听出来不敢写
* embrassed
* that he 连读
* status --> states

### 朗读

## 点评记录


## 自我总结

## 时长累计


---
