# 英语学习20170126

> 慢速 大声 夸张

小处： 卷舌,d/t ,s/z,w/v不可懈怠

## 课文原文

Lesson Sixteen Mary has a little _lamb_

Was _Dimitri_ right to apologize to his neighbour,why not?

Mary and her husband _Dimitri_ lived in a tiny village of _Perachora_ in Southern _Greece_.
One of Mary's _price_ possessions was a little white _lamb_ which her husband had given her.
She _kept it_ tied to a tree in a field during the day,and went to fetch it every evening.
One evening,however,the lamb was missing.
The rope had been cut,so it was obvious that the lamb had been stolen.
When _Dimitri_ came in from the fields,his wife told him what had happened.
_Dimitri_ at once set out to find the thief.
He knew it would not prove difficult in such a small village.

---
After telling serveral of his friends about the _theft_,_Dimitri_ found out that his neighbour,_Aleko_ had suddenly acquired a new _lamb_.
_Dimitri_ immediately went to _Aleko_'s house and angrily accused him of stealing the _lamb_.
He told him he had better to return it,or he would call the police.
_Aleko_ denied taking it and let _Dimitri_ into his backyard.
It was true that he has just bought a _lamb_,he explained, but his _lamb_ was black.
_Ashamed of_ having _acted_ so rushly,_Dimitri_ apolohized to _Aleko_ for having accused him.
While they were talking,it began to rain.
And _Dimitri_ stayed in _Aleko_'s house until the rain stopped.
When he went outside,_half an hour later_,he was astonished to find that the little black _lamb_ was almost white.
Its _wool_ which had been dyed black had been washed clean by the rain.

## 生词记录
* lamb 羊羔
* Dimitri 迪米特（人名）
* Perachora 波拉考拉（地名）
* Greece 希腊（国家名）
* price possession 珍贵财产
* ashamed of doing 羞于做了某事
* dyed black 被染成黑色  

## 练习记录

### 听写20170126
* lamb --> lame
* Perachora ,Greece 生词
* acted --> asked it
* half an hour，Ashamd of, wool,theft一时反应出来 

### 朗读

## 点评记录


## 自我总结

## 时长累计


---
