# 英语学习20170204

> 慢速 大声 夸张

小处： 卷舌,d/t ,s/z,w/v不可懈怠

## 课文原文

Lesson Twenty   Pioneer Pilots

What was the name of the first plane to fly across the English Channel?

In 1908,Lord _Northcliffe_ offered the price of 1000 pounds to the first man who would fly across the English Channel.
Over a year passed before the first attempt was made.
On July 19th,1909,in the early morning,_Hubert Latham_ took off from french coast in his plane "The Antoinette Four".
He had _travelled_ only seven miles across the Channel when his engine failed,and he was forced to land on the sea.
"The Antoinette" floated on the water until _Latham_ was picked up by a ship.
Two days later,_Louis_ _Bleriot_ arrived near _Calais_ with a plane called "NO 11".
_Bleriot_ had been making plane since 1905,and this was his latest mode.
A week before,he had completed a sucessful _overlent_ flight during which he covered 26 miles.

---

_Latham_ however, did not give up easily.
He,too,arrived near _Calais_ on the same day,with a "Antoinette"
It _looks if it would_ an exciting race across the Channel
Both planes was going to take off on July 25th,but _Latham_ failed to get up early enough.

His great flight lasted thirty-seven minutes.
When he landed near _Dover_, the first person to greet him  was a local pliceman.
_Latham_ made an another attempt a week later,and got within half a mile of _Dover_,but he was unlucky again.
His engine failed and he landed on the sea for the second time.
 

 

## 生词记录

## 练习记录

### 听写

### 朗读

## 点评记录
* To 

## 自我总结

## 时长累计


---
