# 英语学习20170124

> 慢速 大声 夸张

小处： 卷舌,d/t ,s/z,w/v不可懈怠

## 课文原文

Lesson Fifteen Fifty _pence_ worth of trouble

Did _George_ get anything for his fifty pence,what?

Children always appreciate small gifts of money.
Mom or Dad,of course,_provide_ a regular supply of pocket money,but uncles and aunts,are always _a_  source of extra income.
_With some children_, small _sums_ go along way.
If fifty pence are not _exchanged_ for sweets,they _rattle_ for months inside money boxes.
Only very _thrifty_ children manage to _fill up_ a money box.
For most of them,fifty pence is a small _price_ to pay for a nice big bar of chocolate.
My nephew,George has a money box,but it is always empty.
Very few of the fifty pence pieces and _pound_ coins I have given him,have found their way there.
I gave him fifty pence yesterday and advised him to save it.
Instead he bought himself fifty pence worth of trouble.

---
On his way to the _sweet shop_,he dropped his fifty pence,and it bounced along the pavement,and then disappeared down the drain.
George _took off_ his jacket,rolled up his sleeves,and pushed his right arm through the drain cover.
He could not find his fifty pence piece anywhere,and what is more,he could not get his arm out.
A crowd of people gathered round him,and a lady _rubbed_ his arm with _soap and butter_ but George was firmly stuck.
The fire _brigade_ was called and two firefighters freed George using a special type of _grease_.
George was not too upset by his _experience_,becauce the lady who owns the sweet shop heard about his troubles and rewared him a large box of chocolates.

## 生词记录
* pence 便士
* pound 英镑
* George 乔治
* small sums go a long way 少量的钱可以花很久
* rattle 当当响
* thrifty 节俭的
* anywhere 任何地方
* fire brigade 消防队
* grease 润滑油
 
## 练习记录

### 听写20170124
* small sums go a long way
* pound --> pong
* sweet shop --> switch up
* rub  with soap and butter 


### 朗读
* sweet shop[swi:tʃ ɑp]  的t,sh 连读成tʃ,听起来像switch up.
* 
## 点评记录


## 自我总结

## 时长累计


---
