# 英语学习20170217

> 慢速 大声 夸张

小处： 卷舌,d/t ,s/z,w/v不可懈怠

## 课文原文

Lesson Twenty-five The Cutty Sark

What _piece of bad luck_ prevented the Cutty Sark from winning the race? 

One of the most famous _sailing_ ships of the 19th century,the Cutty Sark,can still be seen at _Greenwich_.
She stands on dry land and it's visited by thousands of people each year.
She serves as an impressive reminder of the great ships of the past.
Before they were replaced by steamships,_sailing_ _vessels_ like the Cutty Sark,were used to carry tea from China and wool from Australia.
The Cutty Sark,was one of the _fastest_ _sailing_ ships that _has_ ever been built.
The only other ship to match her,was the Thermopylae.
Both _these_ ships set out from Shanghai,on June 18th,1872,on an exciting race to England.
This race  which went on for exactly four months was the last of its kind.
It marked the end of the great tradition of ships _with sails_,and the beginning of a new era.
The first of two ships to reach the _Java_ after the race had began,was the Thermopylae,but on the Indian _Ocean_ the Cutty Sark took the lead.
It seemed certain that she would be the first ship home,but during the race,she had a lot of bad luck.
In _August_,she was struck by a very heavy storm,during which, her _rudder_ was _torn_ way.
The Cutty Sark _rolled_ from side _to_ side, and became impossible to _steer_ her.
A temporary _rudder_ was made on board from spare _planks_,and it was _fitted_ with great difficulty.
This greatly reduced the speed of the ship,for there was a danger that if she travelled too quickly,this _rudder_ would be _torn_ away as well.
Because of this,the Cutty Sark lost her lead.
After _crossing_ the _Equator_,the _captain_ _called in_ at a port to have a new rudder fitted,but by now,the Thermopylae was over 500 miles ahead.
Though the new rudder was fitted as _tremendous_,it was impossible for the Cutty Sark to win.
She arrived in England a week after the Thermopylae.
Even this was remarkable,_considering_ that she had had so many delays.
There is  not double that if she had not lost her rudder,she would have won the race easily.



## 生词记录
* sailing ship 帆船 ---> sail 帆
* steamship 汽船，轮船
* Java 爪哇岛（苏门答腊岛）；一种编程语言
* rudder 方向舵  
* tear - tore - torn 撕裂，损坏
* roll 滚动，摇动
* steer 驾驶 ----> steering wheel 方向盘
* plank 厚木板
* Equator 赤道
* call in at somewhere 拜访某地
* tremendous 惊人的，巨大的
 
## 练习记录

## 点评记录


## 自我总结

## 时长累计


---
