# 英语学习20170105

> 慢速 大声 夸张

小处： 卷舌,d/t ,s/z,w/v不可懈怠

## 课文原文

Lesson Five The facts

What's the _consequence_ of the editor's _insistence_ on fact  _and_ _statistics_?  
Editors of newspapers and magazines often go to extremes to provide their readers _with_ unimportant facts and statistics.
Last year,a journalist had been instructed by a well-known magazine   to write an article on the _president's_ palace in an new African Republic.
When the article _arrived_, the editor read the first sentence and then refused to publish it.
The article began:"Hundreds of steps lead to the wall which surrounds the president's palace".
The editor at once sent the journalist a fax  instructing him to find out the exact number of steps and the height of the wall.
The journalist immediately set out to _obtain_ these important facts, but the took a long time to send them. 

Meanwhile,the editor was getting impatient for the magazine _would_ soon go to press.
He sent the journalist two more fax,but received no reply.
He sent yet another fax,infoming the journalist that if  he did not reply soon,he would be fired.
When the journalist again//  fail to reply, the editor _reluctantly_ published the article as it had originally been _written_.
A week later,the editor at last received a fax from the jouranlist.
Not only had the poor man been arrested,but he had been sent to prison as well.
However,he had at last been allowed  to send a fax, in which he informed the editor that he had been arrested while counting the one thousand eighty-four steps leading to the fifteen-foot wall which surrouded the president's palace.


## 生词记录
* insistence 坚持
* reluctantly 不情愿地
## 练习记录

### 听写
* 

### 朗读
* prison as 连读

## 点评记录


## 自我总结

## 时长累计


---
