英语学习20170203

> 慢速 大声 夸张

小处： 卷舌,d/t ,s/z,w/v不可懈怠

## 课文原文

Lesson Nineteen  A very dear cat

Why was Rastus 'very dear' in more ways than one?

_Kidnappers_ are rarely intersted in animals but they _recently_ took _consideral_ interst in Mrs _Eleanor Ramsay_'s cat.
Mrs Eleanor Ramsay, a very wealthy old lady,has shared a flat with her cat,Rastus,for a great many years.
Rastus leads an _orderly_ life.
He usually takes a short walk in the evenings, and he always home by seven o'clock.
One evening,however,he failed to arrive.
Mrs Ramsay got very worried.
She looked everywhere for him,but could not find him.
Three days after Rastus' disappearance,Mrs Ramsay received an _anonymous_ letter.
The writer stated that Rastus was in safe hands,and would be returned immediately if Mrs Ramsay paid a _ransom_ of 1000 pounds.

---

Mrs Ramsay was instructed to place the money in a _cardboard_ box and to leave it outside her door. 
At first,she decided to go to the police,but fearing that she would never see Rastus again,the letter had made that quite clear,she changed her mind.
She withdrew 1000 pounds from her bank,and folowed the kidnapper's instructions.
The next morning,the box had disappeared,but Mrs Ramsay was sure//  that the kidnapper would keep his word.
Sure enough, Rastus arrived _punctually_ at seven o'clock that evening.
He looked very well,though he was rather thirsty   for he drank half a bottle of milk.
The police were _astounded_ when Mrs Ramsay told them what she had done.
She explained that Rastus was very dear to her.
Considering the amount she paid,he was dear in more ways than one.


## 生词记录
* be [adj] in more ways than one 两种或者两种以上意义的[adj]
* kidnapper 绑架者，绑匪
* considerable 相当的
* orderly 有秩序的，整齐的； adj,adv
* anonymous 匿名的
* ransom 赎金
* cardboard  厚纸板
* withdraw [number] from one's bank 从银行取款
* punctually 及时地,准时地
* astounded 吃惊的

## 练习记录

### 听写
* kidnapper --> kidnappar
* anonymous，punctually  知道写不出来 
* ransom,cardboard,stounded 生词

### 朗读
* money 降调
* cardboard 第一个d弱读
* fear [ˈfɪr] ---> ['fer] 
* bank 平调  

## 点评记录
* To By
 * decided --> dizided
 * thirsty --> three sty

* To 随遇而安
 * mind %i
 * disppeared %pear[pir] --> [per]
 * astounded 浊化

* To 懒小姐
 * Rastus arrived %Rastus -- > Ristus

## 自我总结
* fearing 意外之喜
* 读慢，完全没错，流畅也是要跟读几遍的 

## 时长累计
7.92

---
