# 英语学习20170128

> 慢速 大声 夸张

小处： 卷舌,d/t ,s/z,w/v不可懈怠

## 课文原文

Lesson Seventeen  The longest _suspension_ bridge in the world

How is the bridge supported?

_Verrazano_, an Italian,about whom,little is known,sailed into New York harbour in 1524  and named it _Angouleme_.
He described it as a very _agreeable_ situation located within two small hills in the midst of which flowed a great river.
Though, _Verrazano_,is by no means considered to be a great explorer,his name will probably remain _immortal_.
For on November 21st,1964,the longest _suspension bridge_ in the world was named after him.
The _Verrazano_ bridge which was designed by _Othmar Ammann_,joins _Brooklyn_ to _Staten island_,it has a _span_ of 4260 feet.
The bridge is so long that the shape of the earth had to be taken into _account_ by its designer.

---
Two great towers support four huge cables.
The towers are built on immense underwater platforms made of _steel and  concrete_.
The platforms _extend_ to a _depth of over_ one hundred feet _under_ the sea.
_These_ alone took sixteen months to built.
Above the surface of the water,the towers rise to the height of nearly seven hundred feet.
They supported the cables from which the bridge has been suspended.
Each of four cables contains 26,108 _lengths_ of wire.
It _has been_ estimated that even if the bridge was _packed_ with cars,it would only be carrying a third of its total capacity.
However,_size_ and _strength_ are not only important things about this bridge.
Despite of its immemsity, it is both simple and _elegant_,_fulfilling_ its designer's dream to create an enormous object _drawn_ as _faintly_ as possible.

## 生词记录
* suspension 暂停，悬停，悬挂，（系统）挂起；~~~~> 动词形式：suspend
* Verranzano 维拉萨诺 （意大利人名）
* Angouleme 安古拉姆
* agreeable 理想的，合适的，极好的
* by no means 绝不，一点也不 
* immortal 永生的，不死的，不朽的
* Brooklyn 布鲁克林（纽约街区）
* span 跨度 
* take   int account 考虑什么
* underwater 在水下的
* steel 钢铁
* concrete 混凝土    ~~~~> cement 水泥 
* extend to a depth of [number]feet 
* rise to the height of [number] feet
* fulfill 满足，实现；fulfill one's dream 实现了某人的梦想
* faintly 轻微地 

## 练习记录

### 听写20170128
* suspension
* Verrazano
* Angouleme
* agreeable
* immortal
* steel and concrete 连读
* depth of over 两个连读
* lengths --> links
* packed --> parked
* size --> sith
* strength --> strics
* fullfill --> for fill
* drawn 
* faintly --> fintly

### 朗读

## 点评记录


## 自我总结

## 时长累计


---
